docs(refactor): tutorials MTA-1813 (#450)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/bind-dns-server/index.mdx

  h1: Implementing a DNS server using BIND
  paragraph: In this tutorial you will learn How to implement a DNS server using BIND.
tags: apps dns bind domain-name IP 
categories: 
  - compute
dates:
  validation: 2022-03-04
  posted: 2018-12-05
---

> DNS (Domain Name System) is a service that translates the IP address of computers connected to the Internet into human-readable domain names & vice-versa. In an environment with a limited amount of Linux machines, it is possible to use the `/etc/hosts` file for associating an IP address to a DNS name, but when you have a large infrastructure with lots of systems/resources, `/etc/hosts` becomes quickly cumbersome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNS (Domain Name System) is a service that translates the IP address of computers connected to the Internet into human-readable domain names & vice-versa. In an environment with a limited amount of Linux machines, it is possible to use the `/etc/hosts` file for associating an IP address to a DNS name, but when you have a large infrastructure with lots of systems/resources, `/etc/hosts` may quickly become cumbersome.
```
